The day Beetle Blank’s grandmother was to be buried, the ants walked back in.
She suspected they knew the exact moment Granny left her post for good. A deep, shining black line formed on the peeling wooden threshold of the front door..   Beetle watched as an in- motion black seam threaded itself across the doorway and took their seats on the kitchen floor. Instead of sweeping the ants back/right out the front door, she stuck her tongue out.  Beetle regretted it immediately. “I’m sorry.” she whispered as they stared unblinking from the torn linoleum. The ebony army was not moved by her grief.  In her short life, Beeda ‘Beetle’ Blank was used to nature creeping back into its rightful spot in the world.  The town of Eloi had been losing ground in the fight for as long as she could remember.  Last summer the kudzu was so hungry three houses on Meridian Street were swallowed in one night. The diligent overnight creep of the vines was overlooked entirely by the citizens of Eloi while they slept unawares in their cozy beds. Whether it was from the slow pace of the town or from the obliviousness of its residents, it took a day or two for Eloi to even notice their absence. The urgency of the matter was certainly not helped along by Cypress Longley, Meridian Street’s only other resident, because she was notoriously hard of seeing.  She lived in a small blue clapboard house at the end of the street with an elderly and all together toothless possum. Nobody in town had the heart to tell Miss Longley that her possum, Mr. Mittens wasn’t actually a cat-- or even a Mister, for that matter, since it was obvious how pleased they were sharing each other’s company.   When the alarm for the missing houses was finally sounded, the Honorable Reverend Bartholomew Settle of the First Baptist Church of Chiggerchaw County hastily organized a rescue party to dig out their vine-stuck neighbors.  Beetle’s Granny Effie was the first one to arrive. Standing 4 foot and 11 inches, Eufaula Blank toted a moth-eaten burlap sack overflowing with garden tools for the Great Dig-out. Beetle chased behind her picking up the rusty tools as they escaped from their rough prison. To  Beetle, Eufaula Blank’s will alone had kept the enormous bag levitating next to her as she marched into to the center of Eloi. Fading as quickly as the pigment in her watery blue eyes, Granny’s strength  . She sat stiffly in her itchy




Beetle saw him first. The moon-faced man stood under an old magnolia tree that was crying. Large waxy white petals dropped around his feet every few seconds. As Beetle watched him, the man began to twist the brim of his tired brown hat. He stood a distance from Granny’s gravesite. away from all the mourners. 


           








Willodean Pritchard went missing nine months ago. Crumpled photocopies imprinted with her tiny face still featured prominently on shop windows and telephone poles on Eloi’s half-mile long main street. Chiggerchaw First Baptist Church subsided their weekly candlelight vigils months ago, but her name still appeared on the prayer list every Sunday. After a brief fervor amongst the local news channels, the sad tale of Willodean Pritchard—age six, loved the color yellow, singing, dancing, and tea parties with her kittens, disappeared in the bright blue of day, neighbors saw nothing, parents bereft and clueless—soon lost momentum and faded into the background. The mystery ran on the ticker tape beneath the talking heads on the big news channels but the girl was too poor and the town 
was too tiny to register as more than a blip in the 24-hour news cycle.

The Pritchard girl was not the first child to disappear. It was difficult to find a citizen in Eloi anymore who did not have a story of heartache or at least a passing remembrance of someone who had simply vanished in the past 30 years. However, Willodean was the youngest and her story had struck a chord with the town that had as of yet gone un-strummed. Beneath  Willodean's poster were layers of pictures piled upon each other like wallpaper telling the stories of those who lived there before. Silas Mead, age 10: went missing while gigging frogs with his father in the swamps south of town. Maebelle O’Connor, age 12: gone on her way home from Sunday school. Anderson Selby, also age 12: was mowing the lawn just before his mother found him gone, the mower still motoring across the lawn, un-piloted. There were more. All were stories unburdened by intrigue or drama, only that they were missing and that no one, at least no one under this particular sky, ever saw them again.

Beetle had grown accustomed the faces of the disappeared tracking her across town, but today the eyes in the black and white image seemed to grow larger in each flyer she passed, beating down on her, pleading to be noticed. Beetle, sent out to pick up grape soda and magazines for Aunt CeCe at Corner Drug, stopped at a telephone pole just outside of the barbershop to study the girl’s features. The photocopy was smudgy and faded but even in black and white you could tell she was a Pritchard. The white-blonde hair and crooked grin were trademarks of all Pritchards, and there were a lot of them. The tale around town was that Mr. and Mrs. Pritchard had so many children they’d taken to counting them before bedtime. The evening after Willodean went missing, Mrs. Pritchard had in the chaos of her everyday life mistakenly counted a towheaded neighbor child in Willodean’s place and so she was not reported missing until the next day. So they say. Whether or not there was any truth to this was not known to Beetle, she only knew that a family down the way did in fact possess one suspiciously blonde small girl.

“The picture ain't changed none, has it?" The tiny voice from below propelled Beetle out of her trance. A fragile girl no higher than Beetle's hip peered up at her. Beetle did not recognize her right away but the whitish more than blondish hair and rumpled clothes two sizes too big proved her to be a Pritchard.

Beetle was startled by the girl’s question.  The inflection was curious, not cruel. It was almost as though she expected the picture may have indeed changed, grown with her disappeared sister instead of freezing her in time as most pictures do.

“She was, I mean is your sister, right?” Beetle bent to the girl's level and gritted her teeth at her near insensitivity. The girl dipped her chin and hid her eyes, and as suddenly as she had arrived, she ran off.
Beetle watched as the girl who could not have been anymore than four years old ran into the arms of a boy whose name she did know. Owen Pritchard scooped up his sister, throwing her over his shoulder as she giggled with glee and walked directly towards Beetle.

“She wasn't bothering you none was she?" Beetle tried not to wince at what appeared to be a family trait of using the double negative.

Owen was only a year ahead of Beetle and although she was well aquatinted with his slouchy presence she could not recall his ever having spoken to her before. Owen did not speak to many people. The Pritchards were a tightly knit clan and Owen could always be found just outside the fray of his more outspoken twin sister and her continuous spectacle.





Herbert George: HG: The invisible man. Has lived in Eloi all of his life, but no one in town could tell you that. Or what he looks like. Grey cardigan. The woolen threads desperately holding hands to keep his heart from escaping on wings out of his chest. knits afghans and delivers them at night to townspeople with new babies, sick relatives, grieving widows.
